Update outlier.md (#26029)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/outlier.md

### Set alert conditions

* Trigger a separate alert for each outlier `<GROUP>`

> * during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, etc. or `custom` to set a value between 1 minute and 1 year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, and so on, or use `custom` to set a value between 1 minute and 1 year.
```
